Add module initializers feature doc (#43655)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/features/module-initializers.md

# Module Initializers
## Overview

> A module initializer is a method that runs eagerly and one-time when an assembly is loaded, similar to a type initializer (static constructor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A module initializer is a method that runs before the first access of a field or invocation of a method in that module, similar to a type initializer (static constructor).
```

The difference is that `Assembly.Load` (and even subsequent `Assembly.GetTypes`) do not cause the module initializer to run. I'd describe it as lazy rather than eager.

A module initializer in .NET is defined by adding a `.cctor` method to the `<Module>` type. Since the `<Module>` type is not explicitly defined in user code, the language has to provide a feature in order to make it possible for users to write a module initializer.

__See__: the [corresponding proposal](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/blob/master/proposals/module-initializers.md) in CSharpLang.

## Defining a module initializer method

A method can be designated as module initializer by decorating it with a `[ModuleInitializer]` attribute.

```cs
using System;

namespace System.Runtime.CompilerServices
{
    [AttributeUsage(AttributeTargets.Method, AllowMultiple = false)]

>     public class ModuleInitializerAttribute : Attribute { }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    public sealed class ModuleInitializerAttribute : Attribute { }
```

}
```

The attribute can be used like this:

```cs
using System.Runtime.CompilerServices;

class C
{
    [ModuleInitializer]
    internal static void M1()
    {
        // ...
    }
}
```

Some requirements are imposed on the method targeted with this attribute:
1. The method must be `static`.
1. The method must be parameterless.
1. The method must return `void`.
1. The method must be accessible from the `<Module>` class.
    - This means the method's effective accessibility must be `internal` or `public`.

>     - This also means the method cannot be a local function.

Reviewer: (Comparing against https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/pull/43301/files#diff-eac3afc2449ebcd568f92bea7d52d604)

```markdown
1. The method must not be generic or declared in a generic type.
```

Is it worth pointing out that module initializers must be ordinary methods, as opposed to finalizers, accessors, and operators (and local functions) which are allowed by AttributeTargets.Method?
